... support
more desk hours outside
traditional office hours.
...now we have 24
hours coverage in ELY?
ELY and Krug?
What about giving the males
equal treatment
with the females?
Not only on duty overnight
but as well as them?
...Before it was not...
So that is increased
executive duty hours
to keep the desks open.
Yes, we give opportunities,
but we can't just create jobs
to please the students.
We can't do it...
... I believe that the students
have better relationship
with some,
I mean, for example,
there are issues
with communication with the
full-time counselors now.
They cannot sign well-and
they work full-time,
and they interpret what
we say, and it is frustrating.
The students are up at nights
and they talk with the
counselors.
They talk to our doctors,
and express our problems,
and they are
supervisors now.
SBG on that and I get my leave
on Thursday afternoon...
...answer but
the counselors refuse to answer.
for next January...
for that discussion.
Oh.
We can't do that now...
November 2.
Okay, I'll tell him later.
Yes.. myself..